THIS FRIDAY I WOKE UP AT 2PM 

started drinking alcohol at 3pm 
at 11pm i went to a party wearing the same clothes i wore on thursday 
at 12:30am the guy i lost my virginity to told me he is having a baby 
at 1:30am i ate drugs in the bathroom without telling anyone 
i don't know how to maintain relationships 
most of the people i've had sex with have negative feelings about me now
starving to death during sex is something i would like to do this week 
every time i look at my computer 
i fight the urge to open a word document and list everything i ate that day 
here is what i ate today: 
coffee, curry vegetable thing from whole foods, plum
i am most comfortable around people who criticize me because 
i feel like anyone who isn't constantly criticizing me is lying
or expecting me to be something different 
seems insane that you need money to do things like 
develop a drug addiction, or move across the country 
i don't identify as 'depressed' even though i feel depressed 
seems unfair that i only get to feel a finite amount of things in my life 
lately i have been assuming that dried fruit has more calories than regular fruit 
i feel like 400 dead jellyfish in the middle of a freeway


2 WEEKS AGO I WAS LOOKING FOR DRUGS AT A PARTY

one guy gave me alcohol then diagnosed me with 'major depressive disorder' 
i said 'i don't think i have that' and 'thank you' 
today i stole and drank 3 red bulls
people have gone into cardiac arrest from drinking more than 3 red bulls in a day
thinking about dying makes me feel tiny and calm
i feel mostly uninterested in dying right now 
at 2pm i took pain killers and walked to the beach 
i touched a crab and a sea urchin and a squishy thing 
i think i am going to stop wearing my glasses 
things seem better when i can't see clearly 
i want to have an emotion that feels like being slowly punched in the face for 3 years
I wish there was such thing as a time-release burrito that I could eat for ~8-10 hours
just waltzed with a 300 pound Samoan football player in front of my 70 person history class for extra credit
old homeless man patted my back while I was paying a parking meter and said "you are my first cousin. we will get married in Belgium
feel like a whale passively rolling down the side of a mountain while peaking on LSD
I was raised to believe you could only reschedule an event three times maximum. So I was pretty bummed when I heard that they were, yet again, rescheduling the apocalypse to make room for a dystopia. As both a mover and a shaker, I had moves and shakes to reschedule and/or cancel altogether. Ugh — I just HATE when huge, global catastrophes affect my day-to-day plans.

One of the first changes was in my medicine cabinet, both because the dystopia brings about health care changes for all and also because that's where I keep my makeup when it's not loose in my backpack, leaking because the top fell off.

The first thing that had to change was my eyeliner. Although I've been doing this winged liquid liner look for years, I had to switch products for our new hellish reality. Don't get me wrong — Palladio had a real killer pigment and applicator, but would smudge before the end of the day (often before the end of the hour). More recently, I have been really digging Club Clio, which has a precise application and never smudges, but isn't as dark and bold.

So the best bet for our seemingly endless dystopia is MAC's Liquidlast Line. It's at a reasonable price point of $21, seeing as you literally cannot get this product off your face. In times of turmoil, rationing is often just a wartime necessity. But sleeping in your makeup? Ew! Grow up and wash your damn face. And with this eyeliner, you can truly have it all: a clean, fresh face and the staying power of literal days unless you, like, actually use the oil cleanser they recommend (I obviously haven't). The rough part about this product is the applicator, which is too short to really grip like a pencil, and while the brush allows for a great, precise line, it also makes it more difficult than usual to get the right angle for a wing, let alone to replicate it on the other side. But once you get it, it stays put — and as a terrified modern woman, the last thing I need to worry about is reapplying my makeup!

Remember when Kim Kardashian explained how she makes a blowout last five days? Five. Incredible. But also: Wash your hair, girl. Anyway, that also works for this eye look — just keep slapping on more and more product, who cares, literally who cares, just put it all on, smoke it out, however many eyeliners, that's the point. Blend, blend, blend. What are you doing, using makeup to look conventionally attractive? The world is literally ending. Makeup is a weapon against your enemies to make them believe you deserve to live longer and more lavishly, and hinting that you have no regard for their aesthetic pleasure can only further your ability to conquer them in the fight for power. Sorry, I'm getting carried away, I'll end this here, sorry.

Remember the movie Mad Max? Remember how they, like, LOVED water? Water was basically LaCroix to them, it's crazy. Water is the next big thing, which is cool 'cause it's kind of like elementary or middle school when everyone was super into leaving class to go drink from the water fountain. For those of you who still just can't get enough, Evian makes this spray, which is especially cool because all your Gen X friends will say that Reality Bites line: "'Evian' is 'naive' spelled backwards," and you can dig into your bag, spritz your face, and mumble something back such as, "Couldn't the energies that both Gen X and Baby Boomers spent villainizing 'the millennial' have been better used to prevent or ameliorate the state of emergency brought up by the California drought, or the decline of the bee population, or perhaps our nation's rising unrest with its abhorrent record of human rights?" Alternatively, you can whisk yourself away with with added ingredients to soothe your face from the brutal elements, which will only worsen as the disastrous effects of climate change catalyze more frequent and destructive natural disasters. The downsides for both: They don't really do anything. But I love a good placebo!

Since we've already passed the singularity, we're either becoming robots or battling robots. Who knows?! But pick a side. If you're embracing humanity, the new trend is sort of experiential. I mean, it's not new: We've been living and selling our experiences via social media for years, proving we have the skills, the bodies, the abilities. But for this, the new hot thing is gushing blood. From any and every orifice, if possible. Not only does this demonstrate, or at least allude to, the possibility of fertility, but it shows off your fearlessness, your ability to withstand pain while also keeping up with the high-pressure demands of making more blood. Not only is your body capable, but you are a hard worker and can keep up with the looming economic decline. Or you can cover yourself in fake blood, which also does wonders for protection. Is it too late for the subway but you're too ethical to support the nefarious Uber? Toss on some blood and no one on public transit will want to go near you.

i recently hooked up with a legit artist, like straight-up ‘fine art.’ imo an ‘artist’ is someone who aims not to have a real job so they try selling little objects they made that serve no purpose aside from trying to make you think/feel a certain way. as time goes on, these objects can be computer files, situations, or even just ideas. the whole thing is like some sort of reverse-emotional-vampire-type deal where they try to make you feel something by metaphorically throwing up on you.

in my experience, artists are great at fetishizing your problems, pressures, and mental illnesses while maintaining the distance to remain irresponsible for any emotional labor. you can be friends and hook up for months without any commitment. outside ‘the art world’ this might be considered leading someone on, but artists don’t like labels, pressure, or polite societal constructs. whatever you do is ‘what it is.’ so i am what i am: single with an anxiety disorder.

full disclosure: i have a bfa, but it’s in film. no one cares about that. it basically doesn’t count. it’s an interesting path, because no one will call you an artist or include your 20-minute experimental documentary in their group show. people might still think you’re cool, but they’ll also get vague about “what you really do.” this is because they don’t know. no one wants to watch your twenty minute experimental documentary and find out. you’ll be invited to the same parties as other artists, but will never need to use the phrase “my new series.” come thru, it’s lit.

in turn, dating filmmakers is less like dating artists and more like what i imagine dating the least-liked guy in the frat would be: the overcompensating one with the lowest self-esteem. who maybe skimmed a laura mulvey essay by accident, and who makes jokes about mansplaining to remind you that he’s aware of his privilege. do i ever want another pre-coital lecture about his idea for a sci-fi feature?

sculpters are always really quiet, because instead of talking about themselves, they make weird ugly objects that you can’t do anything else with. graphic designers will laugh at your jokes about helvetica, even if you, yourself, don’t understand them. painting is a pyramid scheme for an archaic medium that’s perpetuated to avoid defaulting on student loans. i’ve never been with a painter, because i don’t have enough self-esteem. or money.


artists usually have websites devoted to their likeness. usually it’s [their name].com, or .biz or .us or something wacky if they’re edgy or cheap. this allows you to ‘do your research’ easily, so you can lead the conversation to a place you know will be fruitful while still seeming chill and spontaneous. like, yo it’s so weird the conversation just happened to lead into relational aesthetics, who would’ve known.

these websites also show off what they care about, and thus how to provide them the exhausting emotional labor they will somehow both simultaneously ignore and demand. what is their practice? what’s their persona? analyzing this behavior goes a long way. for instance: is his website actually just a blogspot? he will take you to wendy’s.

if you’re an artist, dating another artist is like dating a coworker, because the world is your cubicle, except there’s no human resources department and you can go to any NSFW website. your boss, in this metaphor, is the beautiful overwhelming juxtaposition of work-related anxieties merging with personal anxieties. does this unification birth the “power couple”? or just two people who wonder who @freeze_de was? i don’t know, i went to film school.

also, i still don’t really know what a studio visit is. my closest guess is it’s something you do to convince someone to fuck you. or something you do once you’ve been fucked, with the hopes you’ll get, or be, fucked again. i’ve only ever visited studios during the event ‘bushwick open studios’ which is basically when we skulk around bushwick avoiding eye contact with tinder matches we never messaged.

another sweet deal of dating an artist is there’s always something they can prioritize over you. it really spices up the relationship. ‘oh babe, i really need to get some work done’ type stuff. there’s always someplace else to be: their studio, an opening, the opening afterparty, their ex’s place. sometimes even Berlin for some reason. you’ll always be chasing an artist, sisyphus pushing that rock-hard D up and down the mountain.

this ‘always somewhere better’ dynamic is the perfect foundation for you to appear too thirsty if you approach them at literally any social event, it’s like, what do you want? so what, i came inside you, you swallowed my cum, whatever. i’m here to make connections, focus on my career. we can ‘catch up’ later.

“focusing on my career” and “getting work done” can mean anything from actually working on a piece, to laying too stoned in bed, to doing too much molly at china chalet. what’s definitely not ‘working on their career’? texting you back. unless, of course, they’re going to paint the screenshot of it, because being an artist means never having to say you’re sorry for monetizing the relationship. or, at least, no one has said it to me.

my best advice? date someone who doesn’t value you enough to portray you in their artwork.

Where were you when you realized we wouldn’t have a hot president? It shouldn’t have come as a surprise — these candidates have been in the running for months. Maybe it was denial or whatever, but the realization hit me hard. The next four, possibly eight years without the Obamas, the hottest #aesthetic to hit the White House in 200 years. (Not to say JFK wasn’t, like, hot, but also, like: Try again, sweetie.) Maybe it was when recently elected Canadian prime minister Justin Trudeau visited Obama that we really saw what the world is capable of. That maybe, somehow, the unthinkable is possible: a hot alt president.

It’d be #savage AF to go in on Hillary for looks being that she’s been pressed by sexist standards for far too long, but also because, to be real: Looks are only a fraction of being hot. No one cares about your bone structure if your #aesthetic is on point — your personality, style, how you carry yourself. No one cares about your boring-ass face anymore. No one cares about ANYONE’S boring-ass face anymore, because Zayn made the standard so high there’s no point in competing. But since his hot-ass face put out that boring-ass album, Zayn made the standard for cool waaaaaay lower than ever before. We’re in a cool-instead-of-hot renaissance right now, which is the prime time for these candidates to swoop in and steal our hearts, or at least our romantic projections.

Mike Devine/MTV
Hillary’s on that "just happens to show up at the bar just 20 minutes after your crush location tags" tip. Hillary’s the type to scroll down your “following” list and find all your fave accounts (creepy). Hillary's the type to show up to the function and only talk to the dude she’s trying to get with while giving something between a stink-eye and a death glare to anyone or anything he’s giving his attention to, which always ends with him explaining, “That’s my sister. You need to chill.”

Imagine how hyped Bernie would look if Hillary just chilled out. Bernie would be yelling about, idk, free tuition, or he’d be apologizing for hundreds of years of slavery or whatever politics actually are, and Hillary would be like: “lmao what??? THIS GUY LOLOLOL.” Hillary would ride the "I agree, I just didn’t say anything because I’m super chill n you can totally trust me that we’re on the same page." (Which would hella help Hillary, as she’s actually not on the same page, plus Bernie would look like a screaming old white man, spittle flying everywhere.)

Which would be taking Bernie down a bit, as he’s currently the coolest, hottest, most alt presidential candidate. He thought the subway ran on tokens and, like, doesn’t even care that it doesn’t. Bernie took the Steve Buscemi “how do you do, fellow kids?” meme and made Buscemi cool. He flipped it. But what hasn’t Bernie done? Dropped the SoundCloud link.

Bernie’s cornered the #alt vote without officially pledging an alt subculture, which is actually probably the good move — hedging bets. But Bernie, baby: You’re not the only one tryna be the only one, and the only way to stay on the timeline is by making promises you’ll never keep. I mean, maybe he’s doing that enough with campaign promises, but maybe take a note from Frank Ocean and hit us with an album release date. Maybe, like, drop a picture of the tracklist, back up and amend it, every few hours being like “it’s about to drop,” until you hit up SNL and make it limited release or something. IDK but, like, even the Hamburger Helper glove dropped a mixtape.


OK SO … I don’t really know who this dude Kasich is. Google says his first name is John. I first heard about John Kasich when, while I was complaining about how the candidates aren’t hot, someone asked: How would you make John Kasich hot? And I was like: New presidential election, who dis. JK, but really: John Kasich looks like he’s about to get cut in line because you didn’t realize he was standing there. John Kasich is the guy looking down to avoid eye contact in the elevator — he just wants to get to his floor. John Kasich looks like he’s about to drop the most fire ABSOLUTELY NOTHING of 2016. John Kasich is the presidential candidate with the least amount of Twitter followers. John Kasich deadass has fewer Twitter followers than @sosadtoday.

So what should Kasich do to be hot? Um, anything. Literally anything, John.

Rumored murderer and confirmed Canadian Ted Cruz is the candidate that ate his booger on TV. It fell from his nose during a debate, forever changing the Google Image search results for “Ted Cruz Mouth,” which I discovered while comparing my bone structure with Ted Cruz’s during a moment of deep self-discovery and/or body dysmorphia. Anyway, most of Ted Cruz’s gig is making himself and his policies look not so bad in comparison with Donald Trump’s. He’s on this, like, distraction tip where he just draws the eye away from his insidious policies or whatever. It’s, like, part distraction and part “better”-in-comparison, even though it’s similarly scary. And this behavior is totally in line with that dude who tries to look so sensitive and caring by calling other dudes “fuccbois.” He’s like: “Don’t let them get you down” and “I’d never play you like that.” So let’s get Ted Cruz an undercut and some Hood By Air.

Welp, that’s it. That’s every presidential candidate.

Ugh OK fine ...

It’s hard to say anything about Donald Trump’s appearance because some things are truly unable to be articulated, and the standing definition of this is Donald Trump’s face. And Trump, both because of his extremism and the fact that he mostly says how he feels without regard to facts, has a lot in common with the liquid narrative Spring Breakers. Spring Breakers, the movie propelled more by feeling and style than by typical narrative, where they wear fluorescent ski masks and rob who/whatever to fund their vacation with little sense of ethics or empathy … it just sounds a little familiar. A fluorescent ski mask would feminize Trump’s campaign, which, up until now, has been pretty masculine. It also would remind us how, by covering up his weird, orangey face, his problematic popularity is just an expression of whatever mostly white, artificial, troublesome mess we’ve just been throwing masks over anyway.


Of all the days we pull a giant rodent from the earth to read too deeply into its supple, pudgy little body for some sort of clue about the fate of the world and our role in the future, you can’t really beat today: Groundhog Day. The rule is: if this groundhog, also know as a woodchuck, or ‘thicc-ass furry lil rascal that thinks they know better than us,’ sees it’s shadow: winter for all! It’s like ‘winter is coming,’ but more like, ‘duuuuh, winter’s BEEN here, and will continue to be here for six more weeks.’ But no shadow? Spring is coming!
 
All of this, of course, with the great suspension of disbelief and disconnect between spring (equinox) and spring (weather) but also, isn’t [something] what it is, or is [something] what it feels like? Can we trust our senses to connect to the logic that YES IT IS SPRING BECAUSE IT FEELS LIKE SPRING or NO IT IS NOT SPRING EVEN THO IT FEELS LIKE SPRING? (the first day of spring is March 20 regardless of any large ground squirrel’s reflection)
So of all the days people manhandle large rodents who largely remain confused about why exactly their 15 min of fame lands exactly on the same day of every year, everyone seems to get a pass today. Other days, less common. Today is kind of a pass for everyone who find themselves gripping the baggy, loose skin of a furry groundpig. I mean, imagine, you: a large ground squirrel, minding your own business. Your concerns? Food, water, inclusion and respect in your community, pursuing of the act of burrowing, for which you are increasingly enthusiastic. And then you’re burdened with this responsibility for which you have no training, no prep? How is one little ill-prepared animal supposed to handle all our projections on our human lives and perceptions? Is it time for us Americans to start relying on the information and facts around us, to move towards a more fact-based depiction of our human, American demands on the world around us? Also the weather app is free for download in the app store.

people have been talking about ‘the end of social media’ which, as someone exclusively-soothed by pulling down my notification tab every three-to-seven minutes, is terrifying. but the end of social media can’t be ALL bad, as the end of social media would end using social media to find people to have sex with, bringing us ever-closer to my ultimate goal: the end of sex. because sex is #actually bad. sex feels good, which is bad, because that feeling, along with everything else good, will end. so the best part of sex? not having sex. because you can count on it.

but until the extinction of sex, we have the internet. this is all anyone uses the internet for anymore: to pursue validation and consummate sexual actions out of some feeling of obligation, social pressure, insecurity and/or behavioral addiction. that’s amore! finding someone from the internet to have sex with is important and necessary, because otherwise you’ll have to go for irl communication with irl friends and/or coworkers. this is problematic, because they usually have more of an issue with your subsequent subtweets about them than people you mostly deal with online. plus, if you actually liked them, you would already be having sex with them.

when you’re picking someone from the internet: they already know you. or they already know who you’re pretending to be, which is probably more important than the dumb idiots you’re forced to be around irl who can’t discern your ironic memes from your earnest, heartfelt memes.

robert frost, when he dropped the most fire-quoted poem of 1920, said there are two roads. there are also two main smartphone manufacturers, two main micro-blogging platforms, and two ways to get someone from the internet to have sex with you: online dating and online dating. the difference between the two is slight: the former, you say you’re online dating. the second, you’re online dating but you don’t say you’re online dating. you’re like, just on twitter all the time for no reason or addicted to the internet or whatever. same shit, but be cool about it.

personally, i stopped the former after ending an OkCupid relationship and moving to one of the worst neighborhoods for Tinder. i used to go on what were officially known as “dates,” but these usually ended either by gradually phasing out conversation or one person just obviously not being super into it. we’d either mutually phase out conversation or one person would just super obviously not be into it. i’d never see them again until weeks or months or years later when i’d turn around at some bar, on some night i decided to wear like, a hoodie with peanut butter protein bar wrappers still stuffed in the pockets, and they’d be standing behind me with their arm around some girl who’s better at tricking herself into liking his particular style of cinéma vérité vines

officially online dating is also a drag, because you run into people that you or your friends have already had sex with. this is usually fine because: who cares. but it does get annoying because someone usually makes it weird by saying something dumb or unnecessary, or latches you into a conversation by jokingly pretending not to know you despite having every single college class together for four years… and then you’re stuck in the text-equivalent of your college buddy’s birthday party that none of your other friends want to go to, because there’s no one to make out with (because you already made out with all of them five years ago at the Student Center and still never talked about it).

also on tinder you might run into someone who knows you, but whom you don’t know. so you end up having a nice getting-to-know-you conversation, maybe explain your job in a little too much detail before they say, “we’ve met several times before and I dated your friend” and then you can’t have sex with that person either.

but pretending you’re not online dating is like going to a party where your crush just happens to be. my job is literally online: i have to be here. and if some guy eat as you compare how they look irl to how they photograph themselves in selfies… before you accidentally ‘like’ it. quickly unlike it and throw your phone across the room, realizing what you’ve done and making a deal with god to never subtweet again as long as you didn’t crack the screen. then, of course, log in and subtweet.
